Simplify the Wrangler Getting Started page (#6157)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/compare-v1-v2.md

- Developer hotkeys.
- Better configuration validation.

> Prefer a video format? This video walks through some of the major changes in Wrangler 2, and shows you how it can help speed up your workflow!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefer a video format? The following video describes some of the major changes in Wrangler 2, and shows you how it can help speed up your workflow.
```
